2.1
------------------
Fix: Fixed some issues with SC2 interaction. This may fix the
     interface issues some people have been reporting.

2.0
------------------
Known Issues:
1. The overlays can causes an FPS drop on some systems. It is not majorly 
   noticable unless you are actively looking at the FPS count or have dated
   hardware. 

   I'm not 100% sure about the cause, but I'd have to guess it's to do with 
   the method used to ensure you can click through the overlays. There are
   a few solutions that I can think of, but they're all either complex or messy.
   
   
  

Todo:
1. Add unit and upgrade icons. If anybody could send me these, I'd <3 you.
2. Centralized build database?

--

New: Changed name to SC2 Scrapbook.
New: Added image support to the build overlay. Images can be added by wrapping
     the code in curly brackets (e.g., {gas}100 - Metabolic Boost).

     These images will be replaced with racial variants by default, but you can
     override the racial variant by prefixing the image code with the race (e.g.,
     protoss_gas).

     The following image codes are currently available as of this release:
         minerals
         gas
         supply
         time
         terran
         zerg
         protoss
         random
New: Added build sharing capabilities via right-click. You can send other
     SC2 Scrapbook users your builds by sending them the Sharecode generated
     by the various sharing options.

     SC2 Scrapbook registers the sc2bo:// protocol to handle Sharecodes.

     Build Order Sharecodes are XML representations of the internal Build
     object with GZip compression and base64 encoding.
New: Added advanced SC2 interaction. These options directly interface with
     the StarCraft II process.

     No data is gathered from the game client except for the IDs of the players
     currently in game. Overlay data is harvested from the Battle.net website.

     Other applications such as StarInfo for JTV and SC2 XSplit Screen Switcher
     (used by many pros) gather the same data. Although the many users of these
     applications do not face repercussions for doing so, it is still against the
     SC2 EULA and Blizzard can detect and ban their usage at any time if they deem
     it necessary.
New: Added build order selection overlay. Upon game join, the overlay will prompt
     for race selection. After selecting your race and the race of your opponent,
     you will either be shown a list of builds to choose from, or will be given a
     random build if you have enabled random build selection.
New: Added opponent info overlay. Inspired by StarInfo, this option displays an
     overlay of your opponent's League, Rank, Points, Wins, Losses and Main Race
     from their Battle.net web profile.
New: Added support for web updates of the default build list.
New: Added application update notification.
Fix: Fixed various bugs with the build order list.
Fix: Fixed an issue that prevented updating the same build twice.


1.0
------------------
New: Initial Release